Through audio we know that are going to head over to style C assess and copy and paste it like so.
Then again I'm going to change these values around and we're going to say not featured.
But of course the name is gallery to cursors gallery and then within the comments why don't we first
add some kind of background gallery background.
I'm gonna shoot for dark gray so dark gray is going to be my background car.
That I would like to place.
In fact my little icon in the center of the image.
And again we do have our container the image container.
So why don't we write gallery image container is going to be position relative just so we can place
the icon all the way in the center as well as we're gonna add some background color.
Now the reason why I'm adding the background color because as we're going to hover over this particular
item in fact what is going to happen we're going to have this primary color known as a maverick.
We have this light green color and that's the reason why we set this up as a background.
And we see this as a primary color.
Now currently we're only going to be able to see this in the bottom no move later on we're gonna do
some magic with an image and that's the reason why there's going to be this light green color now first
of all why don't we place it in the center.
So let's read gallery icon and let's use position position absolute.
Now of course now an icon is just hidden.
But what we would like to do is set it as top 50 per cent then so that's it left 50 percent.
And let's see what would be the result.
So it is probably hard to see but that is in fact our icon.
Now first of all why do we increase the font size.
And I'm going gonna go with two point.
I don't know if five rhythms.
So our icon is quite big but we can clearly see that the icon is in fact not sitting in the center.
Now in order to fix that we would need to in fact use the transform property.
So let's use transform property with a translate.
So I'd like to translate my icon 50 percent off its own width and height.
And when we set the first one minus 50 percent in this case the icon is going to move left.
Mind if we sit at minus 50 percent to a top while it's going to move 50 percent of the top let's say
it.
There you go.
Icon is sitting in the center.
Now also let's add some color.
Main white thing that is going to be appropriate.
Yes.
That is our icon.
Why don't we also add cursor pointer on like so.
And then what else what else what else.
Well I would like to show this icon as I'm hovering correct but I would want to show it over some period
of time.
So I'm gonna use my transition.
Let's use transition var and main transition.
All right.
Now lastly I would like to hide it by default.
So as the page loads it's gonna be hidden.
That's the reason why I have a policy of zero and only when we're going to hover in fact over our container
then I'm going to show my icon.
Now first things first as far as gallery image.
Remember we had not only image container but also gallery image.
So what I would like to do is change the opacity when I'm hovering over the particular container.
All right.
So first of all let's say for the gallery image I'm going to use as well the transition because I don't
want that change to happen over time.
So let's have transition as main transition and then let's set up two rules one for the gallery image
and the second one for the gallery icon.
So let's start with gallery image.
So as I'm hovering over the container so gallery hyphen image hyphen container as we're hovering over
it.
While I would like to target gallery image and I would like to change the opacity I would like to change
the capacity to zero point five.
And that's the reason why previously we set up this transition because I would want to have this opacity
to in fact change over time.
And we also notice something interesting where now we can see our color.
Remember when we set up our background color initially we were not able to see color but now we are
able to see because the opacity on image changes.
So if let's say I'm going to change this color to let's say red.
And of course I'm going to remove it.
But just to give you an idea then of course you're going to have this kind of background.
OK.
Now let's in fact say that we have our first thing.
The opacity of image changes.
But now let's show in fact our icon.
So what I'm gonna do right now is I'm going to copy and paste this rule.
I'm going to leave the image container.
However the same but we're going to target the icon instead and for the icon I'm going to change the
opacity 2 1 so as we're hovering not as my icon right now shows up.
OK.
That was that.
Now probably let's set up our column layout.
So again media some media screen and men with mean with and we're gonna set this up as 7 68 pixels like
so.
And remember we had gallery center gallery center and I would like to set this gallery as a two column
layout.
So first of all let's use display looks.
And when we use flex wrap right away again we already have covered why we're doing that.
So let me use flex wrap and then let's start out on a bigger screen size.
So that's something how our current section is going to look like.
So we have flex.
Yes.
That is nice but there's of course a few things we wouldn't want to change.
And in this case our container our Flex box child is in fact this gallery image container because let's
think about it.
So we have gallery center and then we have multiple children that are in fact having this single item
comment.
And what I would like to do right now is in fact set them up as a 50 percent of the layout so let's
target the gallery hyphen image can Taner and let's do again flex 0 0.
So our item is not going to grow or item is not going to shrink and 50 percent of the width now in this
case the man going to set up the calc function because while I don't want any margins if you want the
margins of course you can do it that way.
I don't need any margin.
So that's the reason why I have this two column layout.
And then lastly let's do the same thing where once we get to the bigger screen size to let's say nine
hundred ninety two we're gonna change these values so I don't care about gallery center everything is
going to stay the same.
So I don't need to change it and then I'm gonna say that instead of 50 percent I'm gonna have a four
column layout and that's the reason why I'm using 25 percent.
Now one thing that I would like to mention again all my images though are the same size not the reason
why you don't have any weird layout issues.
And just to pinpoint that let's head over to our backroads.
Let's head over to my images and you're going to notice that if we select all the images and I'm going
to zoom in here open with previous default then I'm going to I'm going to zoom out select all of them.
In order to select all of them again we're just using commander if we're head over to adjust size all
of them are going to be the same size.
So I used a hundred by let's say 450.
But you can use it wherever you like but as far as you do that then you're not going to have any weird
layout issues where let's say one image is gonna be bigger or smaller.
And there you go.
We have our four column layout now in my opinion.
Again it is my preference but I don't like to shove things like card has a four column map in my opinion
the cards look very small and that's not the look that I'm going for of course you can always change
the previous layout to a four column layout as well.
All right.
That wouldn't be an issue I just don't like the fact that cards are extremely small.
But I just wanted to show that of course we can also have a four column layout the same how we can have
three column layout and two column loud and just like that we're done with our gallery section and we're
ready to move on to our next section.